**Real Estate Terminal App Idea (for Sellers) Pseudocode**

*Functionalities*

***Main View***
1. Options shown and require user input too choose
* Manage Property List
* Manage Client List
* Prospective Opportunity Portal
* Exit

***Manage - Property List for sale***

1. Current property list json file with the following header: Property ID (autogenerated), Suburb, Price 

Example:

```[
    {
        "ID": 246,
        "SUBURB": "Bondi",
        "PRICE": 830000
    },
    {
        "ID": 810,
        "SUBURB": "Bondi",
        "PRICE": 750000
    },
    {
        "ID": 121,
        "SUBURB": "Coogee",
        "PRICE": 950000
    },
    {
        "ID": 141,
        "SUBURB": "Randwick",
        "PRICE": 650000
    }
]
```

2. User provided with option to add, edit or delete from the property list 

3. Depending on chosen step, ask user input 
* Add - ask each detail, autogenerated property ID, confirm added!

* Edit - property ID required, pull up information, confirm which details to edit, summarise new version, save!

* Delete - property ID required, pull up information, pull up summary and confirm planned deletion, delete!


***Manage -  Client List***

1. Current client list json file with the following header: Client ID (autogenerated), Name, Email, Suburb Interested in (only choose 1), Budget Price

```
[
    {
        "ID": 6789,
        "NAME": "David",
        "EMAIL": "david@gmail.com",
        "SUBURB": "Bondi",
        "PRICE": 830000
    },
    {
        "ID": 12345,
        "NAME": "LDJ",
        "EMAIL": "david@gmail.com",
        "SUBURB": "Maroubra",
        "PRICE": 900000
    }
]

```

2. User provided with option to add, edit or delete from the Client list 
* Add - ask each detail, autogenerated client ID, confirm added!

* Edit - client ID required, pull up information, confirm which details to edit, summarise new version, save!

* Delete - client ID required, pull up information, pull up summary and confirm planned deletion, delete!

***Prospective Opportunity Portal***

* Able to Pick a Client ID or Property ID and will provide a list of available opportunities(properties/clients) within the given requirements.

* Example 1: Inputted Client ID will output all the properties in that given suburb and priced less than or equal to that client's budget

* Example 2: Inputted Property ID will output all the properties in that given suburb and priced equal to or more than the property's selling price

***Client and Property ID***

1. This is utilising a json file that increments by 1 for each new property or client list generated. This starts from 100 and without a range limit.

```
# ID generator for both client and property ID 
def id_generate():

    with open('id.json', 'r') as openfile:
        # Reading from json file
        id_obj = json.load(openfile)
        (id_obj)["ID"] = (id_obj)["ID"]+1

    with open('id.json', 'w') as openfile:
        json.dump(id_obj, openfile, indent=4, separators=(',',': '))
    return ((id_obj)["ID"])




# Printing the ID once saved
def id_display():

    with open('id.json', 'r') as openfile:
        # Reading from json file
        id_obj_r = json.load(openfile)
        return id_obj_r["ID"]

```


Notes:
1. Can only enter name for client
2. Can only input one suburb
3. Check that email is actually email provided
5. Check client price inputted is not a string
7. dollar sign for property price and budget
9. No matched prop or client in search - out put Come back again note
10. enter text instead of property price and iny

